change terminology and images (#4)
swimmio/public: learn_more.md

Swimm helps you to organize your content and find it in several ways.
</br></br>

### Playlists

> Playlists, like the one you are in now, are step by step flows of Units, README files, Videos and/or Links that can give you a structured approach on how to explore the repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Playlists, like the one you are in now, are step by step flows of Docs, Exercises, README files, Videos and/or Links that can give you a structured approach on how to explore the repo.

```

Reviewer: @shujuuu - this is another place, I will commit it :)
